Add `mergeStepFunctionAndLambdaTraces` flag to merge step function and lambda traces (#405)
DataDog/serverless-plugin-datadog: README.md

| `decodeAuthorizerContext`     | When set to `true` for Lambdas that are authorized via Lambda authorizers, it will parse and use the encoded tracing context (if found). Supported for NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `apmFlushDeadline`            | Used to determine when to submit spans before a timeout occurs, in milliseconds. When the remaining time in an AWS Lambda invocation is less than the value set, the tracer attempts to submit the current active spans and all finished spans. Supported for NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `100` milliseconds.                                                                                                            |

> | `mergeStepFunctionAndLambdaTraces` | When set to `false`, Lambda trace will not merge with the calling Step Functions trace. Default to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `mergeStepFunctionAndLambdaTraces` | When set to `false`, Lambda traces do not merge with the calling Step Functions trace. Defaults to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

Author: Updated. Thanks for the comment!
